Change licenses and update README.md (#3)
btschwertfeger/Growth-Model-Website: README.md

---

## 📍 Availability

> This website is available at the website of the Alfred-Wegener-Insitute (see [Growth_Model.html](https://www.awi.de/fileadmin/user_upload/AWI/Forschung/Klimawissenschaft/Dynamik_des_Palaeoklimas/Growth_Model)). The latest version is available the github pages feature of thie repositoriy (see [github.io/Growth-Model-Website/](https://btschwertfeger.github.io/Growth-Model-Website)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This website is available at [the website of the Alfred-Wegener-Insitute](https://www.awi.de/fileadmin/user_upload/AWI/Forschung/Klimawissenschaft/Dynamik_des_Palaeoklimas/Growth_Model). The latest version is available [the GitHub pages feature of the repository](https://btschwertfeger.github.io/Growth-Model-Website).
```

Reviewer: Looks good to me. Only in line 40 are some minor typos and maybe just pure linking. But this is a matter of taste
